PCP-6628 - Gen 2 VM Support on AKS clusters (#10482)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/public-cloud/azure/aks.md

- AKS clusters cannot be deployed in [Azure Government Secret cloud](./azure-cloud.md#azure-government-secret-cloud).

> - [Generation 2 (Gen 2) VM instance types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2/),
>   including the v5 and v6 series such as `Standard_D8ds_v5` and `Standard_D8ds_v6`, are not available as Virtual Machine
>   Scale Sets (VMSS) in Azure Government regions and cannot be used for AKS node pools in Azure Government deployments.
>   This is an Azure platform constraint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Generation 2 (Gen 2) VM instance types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2/),
  including the v5 and v6 series such as `Standard_D8ds_v5` and `Standard_D8ds_v6`, are not available as Virtual Machine
  Scale Sets (VMSS) in Azure Government cloud and cannot be used for AKS node pools deployed in Azure Government cloud.
  This is an Azure platform constraint.
```

I would say cloud here since it's _all_ regions in the cloud.

- AKS clusters cannot be deployed in [Azure Government Secret cloud](./azure-cloud.md#azure-government-secret-cloud).

- [Generation 2 (Gen 2) VM instance types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2/),
  including the v5 and v6 series such as `Standard_D8ds_v5` and `Standard_D8ds_v6`, are not available as Virtual Machine
  Scale Sets (VMSS) in Azure Government regions and cannot be used for AKS node pools in Azure Government deployments.
  This is an Azure platform constraint.

> - Changing a node pool's instance type from a Generation 1 (Gen 1) to a Generation 2 (Gen 2) variant, or vice versa, on

Reviewer 2: Changing an instance type from gen 1 to gen 2 is only possible by changing the instance type itself no? That would automatically warrant a repave. Do we need to specifically call this out?

Author: Perhaps not, I will remove it as node pool repaves should be expected.

  an active AKS cluster triggers a
  [node pool repave](../../cluster-management/node-pool.md#repave-behavior-and-configuration). Review the repave
  warnings Palette displays before confirming Day-2 instance type changes.

  - For further upgrade guidance, review the
    [Azure documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/generation-2). This covers supported
    size families and the required UEFI-based boot architecture.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
